Thanks Lily and good afternoon everyone, I am Bryan from etrading-algo team. 
Here let me introduce several more benefits of words in the workplace.

First I want to say that words help us dirve more performance.
Your performance at work begins to decrease when your voice is not heard. 
Words fuels discussion, ideation and thinking.   
It’s important to discuss issues openly in order to get input, feedback and invite perspective.  
As you voice your opinion, those around you provide inputs that you can then evaluate as you decipher your final decisions that may influence your plan of action.
Voicing your opinion can create and convert those same conversations into meaningful research to help you drive more sustainable performance outcomes.

The second is that words can strengthen your influence
A strong voice in the workplace can strengthen your influence.  
Many times the one with a consistent voice is the individual that is asked to lead a meeting, start a new project or is the one that is asked to speak with those who have influence to move an initiative forward.     
Once your voice is discovered, it can help mobilize your influence in ways that connect you with the other outstanding voices in the company.

Last i want to say that words can accelerates your career
We must admit that there is a reason that certain people advance more quickly than others in their careers.   
They have mastered the art of speaking by having a balanced voice that their colleagues respect and admire.    
Because their voice, 
cultivates innovation, 
challenges the status quo 
provides leadership 
earns trust from the company they serve.
As you mature in your career, so should your voice.   
For some people, they never find their voice because they didn’t have the courage to create one, they just kept borrowing the voices of others.   
It takes time and only you can create the voice that truly defines you.  
Work is not about winning popularity contests, it’s about winning the respect of our peers because you are able to lead people and help grow the organization’s value with your voice.
